Ah!
He's back!
Is that you?
Smooth and smooth
What is it?
It's the one that sold it to my first villager. It's weird
He told me.
He has the ability to predict the future
The ability to predict the future
What does he know?
He said that the Ferris wheel in our playground
There is a safety hazard
Something might happen.
I thought it was some kind of trick theory
Just a charlatan
It's not that you don't know our amusement park
It's checked every day.
How could there be a problem?
At first I thought he was dying too
I don't know why.
The thought of his seriousness
I always have an idea in my heart
It's still early anyway
If you don't believe me
You can also check it now.
Ok I'll go
Dinner is ready, sir. Okay
Ah, I appear seriously